**How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
that was introduced?**
Viewing the two different files let me pinpoint things that had changed. If I
couldn't do that, I'd need to scroll through the whole document, carefully
looking for differences or errors. I'd probably miss it in the end, especially
in a 1000 line document. Having the lines that have been changed between two
versions of a file laid out clearly for me saved me from making a dumb error.

**How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a
more efficient programmer in the long term?**
Having easy access to the entire history of a file makes it easy to find content
you deleted, thinking you didn't need it. This could be especially helpful
with indecisive clients, who decide to eliminate a feature or change it, then
decide they like the old one better. I know sometimes I'll be my own indecisive
client too.

**What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?**
Manually choosing when to create a commit is great for when you want to have a
logical history of the changes you made to a project over a period of time.
However, if you're working on an old or unreliable machine, or if you're a
forgetful person, using a system that doesn't autosave could get you into
trouble.

**Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?**
When you write a traditional document, like a resume or an essay, it's unlikely
that revisions of that document will affect other your other documents. They
tend to stand on their own. When you're working with code instead, it's much
more likely that you have several files that are all reliant on each other, so
seeing changes to interrelated files is valuable.

**How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?**
You can use git log to show all of the commits to a repository and git diff to
compare two commits. However, the IDs are quite long and copy and pasting
is a total disaster. Also, the commits list gets quite long, so you have to
scroll forever. So this system makes me want to pull my hair out. It's
gruesome and inefficient. I have trouble believing any self-respecting web
developer ACTUALLY does this through the command line rather than using
something like Sourcetree.

**How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?**
Using version control would make you more confident to make changes because
you know you can always revert to the previous version, before you broke
everything. There's no chance of irreparably damaging your code.

**Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git
for?**
Next, I'd like to try to use Git to collaborate on a project designing a
WordPress website with a colleague. I'm planning to use Git to create
branches so I don't mess with his stuff when I'm playing around in the theme
code, as well as to merge if I do something cool.
